Add missing meta descriptions (#235)
mongodb/docs-php-library: source/reference/method/MongoDBGridFSBucket-downloadToStreamByName.txt

MongoDB\\GridFS\\Bucket::downloadToStreamByName()
=================================================

.. meta::

>    :description: Use `downloadToStreamByName()` to select a GridFS file by filename and copy its contents to a writable stream, with options for file revision.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Select a GridFS file by filename and copy its contents to a writable stream with the MongoDB PHP Library, with options for file revision.
```
